Fix documentation (dead links, troubleshooting, missing import) (#2062)
kuzzleio/kuzzle: doc/2/guides/getting-started/run-kuzzle/index.md

::: warning
Kuzzle uses compiled C++ dependencies so a compile toolchain (a C++ compiler like g++ or clang, make and python) is necessary to run `npm install kuzzle`.  

> For the sake of simplicity we will use a Docker and Docker Compose throughout this guide. Make sure to have them correctly installed before going further, especially the [Docker as a non root user section](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/linux-postinstall/#manage-docker-as-a-non-root-user) which is a recurrent trouble.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the sake of simplicity we will use Docker and Docker Compose throughout this guide. Make sure to have them correctly installed before going further, especially the [Docker as a non root user section](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/linux-postinstall/#manage-docker-as-a-non-root-user) which is a potential vulnerability.
```

Author: I'm not sure "vulnerability" is the right word for that, it's more like people often can't run a Kuzzle for the first time because they try to use is as a non root user... Maybe something more like:
```suggestion
For the sake of simplicity we will use Docker and Docker Compose throughout this guide. Make sure to have them correctly installed before going further, especially the [Docker as a non root user section](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/linux-postinstall/#manage-docker-as-a-non-root-user) which is a potential issue.
```

Reviewer 2: I personnaly like the way @scottinet proposed it 👍
